He already has a fiancee
Where do you live?
I'll take you there.
No, Mr. Schmidt.
I'll just take a taxi back by myself
Don't worry.
Thank you, why don't I send it to you?
You are a girl safe at night
I really don't need it, I can do it myself.
Then you pay attention to safety
Well, yeah. Bye.
Something happened to Shi's head office
I'll be right there
Hey, it's almost okay, don't kill people
Your restaurant
How dare you do this to us?
I advise you not to make it so difficult
Otherwise, this high and white price will still go bankrupt.
Don't scare us
Our Bai family is not easy to mess with
Even away from home, they want to cooperate with our family
You don't even know who you've offended
I'm also delusional that Ji Fa will cooperate with you after his death
Dream on.
What do you mean?